CI: Adding CTest memcheck to CodeBuild (#4776)
aws/s2n-tls: CMakeLists.txt

set(CMAKE_FIND_PACKAGE_PREFER_CONFIG TRUE)

> set(CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE "Valgrind")

Reviewer: I probably wouldn't have this at the top of the CMakeLists.txt, since it's relatively unimportant/specific. It probably makes more sense in the test section?

Author: I moved this part to the section of `BUILD_TESTING`. I put above the section where it is about to do either TSAN or ASAN check. CTEST memcheck uses Valgrind by default, but I want to make sure that Valgrind is ran, instead of other options. According to the CTEST documentations, there are other options like "Valgrind, Purify, BoundsChecker, DrMemory, CudaSanitizer, ThreadSanitizer, AddressSanitizer, LeakSanitizer, MemorySanitizer and UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer."
https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE.html

> set(MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND_OPTIONS_REGULAR " \

Reviewer: This variable name is a bit long, maybe `VALGRIND_DEFAULT` and `VALGRIND_PEDANTIC` instead of `MEMORYCHECK`, because these are valgrind specific options.

Reviewer: Also, could we define `VALGRIND_PEDANTIC` using `VALGRIND_DEFAULT`?
I'm imagining something like
```
VALGRIND_PEDANTIC = VALGRIND_DEFAULT + "--errors-for-leak-kinds=all"
```

I think that would make it a lot easier to see what they are doing differently.

Author: I have addressed this comment. I agree that we can make the variable name shorter and concise.

The exact syntax to set up `VALGRIND_PEDANTIC` to `VALGRIND_DEFAULT` is
`set(VALGRIND_PENDANTIC "${VALGRIND_DEFAULT} --errors-for-leak-kinds=all")`.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18001198/how-do-you-concatenate-string-in-cmake

    --leak-check=full \
    --leak-resolution=high \
    --trace-children=yes \
    --run-libc-freeres=no \
    -q --error-exitcode=123 \
    --error-limit=no \
    --num-callers=40 \
    --undef-value-errors=no \
    --suppressions=valgrind.suppressions")

set(MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND_OPTIONS_PENDANTIC " \
    --leak-check=full \
    --leak-resolution=high \
    --trace-children=yes \
    --run-libc-freeres=no \
    -q --error-exitcode=123 \
    --error-limit=no \
    --num-callers=40 \
    --undef-value-errors=no \
    --errors-for-leak-kinds=all \
    --suppressions=valgrind.suppressions")

> if ($ENV{S2N_LIBCRYPTO} MATCHES "openssl-1.1.1")

Reviewer: More generally, I'd like to include a comment about
- pedantic vs regular valgrind
- why we are only running pedantic valgrind on openssl-1.1.1

Author: I have added the comments to indicate that we are doing pedantic Valgrind check for openssl-1.1.1 per tracking issue #3758. We will add pedantic Valgrind check incrementally, so we first do Libcrypto == openssl1.1.1 for now.

set(VERSION_MINOR 0)
set(VERSION_PATCH 0)

> option(BUILD_TESTING "Turn BUILD_TESTING=on by default" ON)

Reviewer: When documenting these options, it's good to try and think about this from the perspective of some user new to our library. 

In it's current form, the definition is a little bit recursive, and doesn't really tell you what `BUILD_TESTING` _does_.
```suggestion
option(BUILD_TESTING "Build tests for s2n-tls. By default only unit tests are built." ON)
```

option(S2N_STACKTRACE "Enables stacktrace functionality in s2n-tls. Note that this functionality is
only available on platforms that support execinfo." ON)
option(COVERAGE "Enable profiling collection for code coverage calculation" OFF)
option(BUILD_TESTING "Build tests for s2n-tls. By default only unit tests are built." ON)

> option(S2N_INTEG_TESTS "Enable the integrationv2 tests" OFF)

Author: The module of `project(s2n C)` and `include(CTest)` is supposed to enable `BUILD_TESTING` implicitly once `include(CTest)` is met. https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/CTest.html

Also, CTest memcheck command options have to be set before `include(CTest)`, and we want to set those options above where we are setting the unit tests. Hence, we have to move `include(CTest)` down a little bit. So we explicitly enable `BUILD_TESTING` in line 36, in order for some conditional checks to run properly.

    file (GLOB TEST_LD_PRELOAD "tests/LD_PRELOAD/*.c")
    add_library(allocator_overrides SHARED ${TEST_LD_PRELOAD})

    set(VALGRIND_DEFAULT " \
    --leak-check=full \
    --leak-resolution=high \
    --trace-children=yes \
    --run-libc-freeres=no \
    -q --error-exitcode=123 \
    --error-limit=no \
    --num-callers=40 \
    --undef-value-errors=no \
    --suppressions=valgrind.suppressions")

    set(VALGRIND_PENDANTIC "${VALGRIND_DEFAULT} --errors-for-leak-kinds=all")

>     # Add pendentic Valgrind check for Libcrypto is openssl-1.1.1.

Reviewer: We generally want to write comments in response to the questions that you know people will ask. Here I think the question would be "why are we only running pedantic valgrind on OpenSSL 1.1.1? Why not all of them?"

You mention that we are incrementally adding things, but I think that sort of buries the lede.

I'd go for a wording more like
> "pedantic valgrind" will error on memory that is "Still Reachable". We only run this on OpenSSL 1.1.1 because there are hundreds of false positives in other libcryptos. 
> https://github.com/aws/s2n-tls/issues/3758

    # Default Valgrind tests ignores "Still reachable" leak and we want to enable pedantic
    # valgrind check incrementally, so we will do pedantic check for Libcrypto=openssl-1.1.1 for now.
    # Tracking issue: https://github.com/aws/s2n-tls/issues/3758
    if ($ENV{S2N_LIBCRYPTO} MATCHES "openssl-1.1.1")
        set(MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND_OPTIONS ${VALGRIND_PENDANTIC})
    else()
        set(MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND_OPTIONS ${VALGRIND_DEFAULT})
    endif()

>     set(CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE "Valgrind")

Reviewer: Let's explicitly call out that these CTEST configuration variables need to be set before `include(CTest)`  is called.

>     set(CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE "Valgrind")

Author: I don't think so. It should only explicitly specify we want to run Valgrind for CTest memcheck. Because CTest memcheck has some other options like "Valgrind, Purify, BoundsChecker, DrMemory, CudaSanitizer, ThreadSanitizer, AddressSanitizer, LeakSanitizer, MemorySanitizer and UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer."
https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE.html

>     set(CTEST_MEMORYCHECK_TYPE "Valgrind")

Author: I have tested it again with CTest only. This command will not interfere with unit tests if we don't want to run memcheck.

    ########################## configure unit tests ############################
    ############################################################################

    # CTest configuration variables need to be set before include(CTest) is called
    set(VALGRIND_DEFAULT " \
        --leak-check=full \
        --leak-resolution=high \
        --trace-children=yes \
        -q --error-exitcode=123 \
        --error-limit=no \
        --num-callers=40 \
        --undef-value-errors=no \
        --log-fd=2 \
        --suppressions=valgrind.suppressions")

    # "pedantic valgrind" will error on memory that is "Still Reachable". 
    # We only run this on OpenSSL 1.1.1 because there are hundreds of false positives in other libcryptos.
    # Tracking issue: https://github.com/aws/s2n-tls/issues/4777
    if ($ENV{S2N_LIBCRYPTO} MATCHES "openssl-1.1.1")

>         set(MEMORYCHECK_COMMAND_OPTIONS "${VALGRIND_DEFAULT} --run-libc-freeres=yes --errors-for-leak-kinds=all --show-leak-kinds=all")

Reviewer 2: Checking S2N_LIBCRYPTO here seems strange to me. This is the same script that finds a libcrypto to link to, but is there any guarantee that S2N_LIBCRYPTO matches that linked libcrypto, or even influenced what libcrypto we tried to link to? Like, this only works because you call configure with a CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH based on S2N_LIBCRYPTO. This feels like a separate script was just copy/pasted into CMarkLists.txt instead of a deliberate cmake design.

But it looks like we currently do that in a couple other places in CMakeLists.txt too, so it's not a new behavior. Maybe just open an issue?

Author: I have opened #4814 to track this issue.

    endif()
endif()

> include(CTest)

Reviewer: Nit: I'd move this to after our unit test configuration.
